Welcome back.
I wanted to add a quick gotcha.
When it comes to heaps that is when you hear memory heaps that's not the same as the sheep data structure
you might have heard of memory heaps and something like a javascript runtime engine where we have a
stack and a heap.
There are two locations where we are able to keep memory.
Now this ship you can think of as free storage is a region in our memory where we can store arbitrary
data.
Languages like C also have this heap.
Now the naming is just coincidental.
And he has no real relationship with the data structure that is named heap.
Keep that in mind.
He is simply a heap of memory.
If you're talking about a language runtime for example versus a heap data structure which is what we're
talking about now I want to clarify that for you because when I was learning about heaps.
For some reason I always thought they were the same thing but they're not just throwing it out there.
I'll see him the next video.
Bye.